FWE pt 2 - Working with data (#12150)
flutter/website: src/content/tutorial/state/2-http-requests.md

---
title: Fetch data from the internet
description: Instructions on how to make HTTP requests and parse responses.
permalink: /tutorial/http-request/
---

The overarching pattern that this tutorial implements is called
*Model-View-ViewModel* or *MVVM*. MVVM is an [architectural pattern][]
used in client apps that separates your app into three layers: the
Model handles data operations, the View displays the UI, and the
ViewModel manages state and connects them. The core tenet of MVVM
(and many other patterns) is *separation of concerns*. Managing state
in separate classes (outside your UI widgets) makes your code more
testable, reusable, and easier to maintain. 

<img src="/assets/images/docs/tutorial/simple_mvvm.png" width="100%" 
alt="A diagram that shows the three layers of MVVM architecture: Model, ViewModel, and View.">

> A single feature in your app contains one of each MVVM component. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single feature in your app contains each one of the MVVM components. In
```
